docs(core): add note about not mutating multi provider arrays (#37645)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/dependency-injection-providers.md

and [RouterModule.forChild](api/router/RouterModule#forchild) in a single module,
the [ROUTES](api/router/ROUTES) token combines all the different provided sets of routes into a single value.

> Note that the array that is returned for a `multi` provider is immutable in development mode, which

Reviewer: I think we should mention that it's in Ivy only + may be add a note to Ivy compatibility guide?

Author: My concern with mentioning Ivy here is that there's nothing that'll alert us to remove it once Ivy is the only rendering engine option.

</div>

<div class="alert is-helpful">

Note that the array that is returned for a `multi` provider is shared between all the places where
the token is injected. We recommend that you don't mutate this array, because it can lead to unforeseen
consequences in a different part of your app. You can prevent the value from being mutated by
setting its type to `ReadonlyArray`.

</div>

> For example, this is how you can type your `multi` provider to avoid unwanted array mutations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `ReadonlyArray` to type your `multi` provider, so TypeScript triggers an error in case of unwanted array mutations:
```
